We have reached the end of our first lesson.
Chúng ta đã kết thúc bài học đầu tiên.
Great work. Now let's review what we've learned.
First, we talked about the different types of 2D imaging,
Đầu tiên, chúng ta đã nói về các loại hình ảnh 2D khác nhau,
including MRI, CT, and X-ray.
bao gồm MRI, CT và X-quang.
We mainly focused on x-ray since it's the most commonly used 2D imaging technique.
In the second section,
Trong phần thứ hai,
we discussed that machine learning algorithms are applied at
different places in the medical imaging workflow based on the use case.
các vị trí khác nhau trong quy trình công việc hình ảnh y tế dựa trên trường hợp sử dụng.
We've also learned that clinical uses of
Chúng tôi cũng đã biết rằng việc sử dụng lâm sàng của
machine learning algorithms can be divided into diagnostic and screening,
and that there are three main types of machine learning algorithms;
và có ba loại thuật toán học máy chính;
classification, segmentation, and localization.
Remember, machine learning is applied for a reason.
Hãy nhớ rằng, học máy được áp dụng là có lý do.
At the end of this section,
Ở cuối phần này,
we talked about a few applications where
chúng tôi đã nói về một số ứng dụng trong đó
machine learning can have a positive clinical impact.
máy học có thể có tác động tích cực đến lâm sàng.
In the third section,
Trong phần thứ ba,
we learned different ways to gather labels and what some of the challenges are.
We also learned to evaluate the algorithm's performance using specificity,
sensitivity, and the dice coefficient.
độ nhạy và hệ số xúc xắc.
In the end, we talked about different stakeholders involved in
Cuối cùng, chúng tôi đã nói về các bên liên quan khác nhau liên quan đến
developing 2D image algorithm and bringing it to the market.
I hope you enjoyed the lesson and I'll see you soon.